Trad/management (#46)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/management/contract.rst

Contracts
=========

GLPI supports contracts management, in order to manage contract types such as loan, maintenance, support...

Contracts management allows to:

* make an inventory of all contracts related to the organization assets
* integrate contracts in GLPI financial management
* anticipate and follow contract renewal.

.. image:: images/contract.png
   :alt: Main fields of a contract
   :align: center

.. include:: ../tabs/templates.rst

.. note::

   It is possible to receive notifications in order to be informed of events such as contract end.
   When contract must be renewed expressly, it is useful to be notified before end of contract. For periodic contracts, it is also possible to be notified at the end of each period.

>    Notifications are configured at entity level, in menu **Configuration > Notifications** to define models and destination and in menu **Configuration > Entity** to enable notification, define default values and a possible anticipation of notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Notifications are configured at entity level, in menu **Setup > Notifications** to define models and destination and in menu **Administration > Entities** to enable notification, define default values and a possible anticipation of notification.
```
